How do you see yourself in 10 years, not in Russia for sure? Well, there is no future here. As for me, because, firstly, the salaries are very small, they put absolutely all labor is devalued absolutely, and I don’t even know, even now it’s very noticeable how different it is. Well, how do people treat you refer to the more money you have, the more power you have here Hello Hello Where are you from? We're from Moscow, you have such a cool flag Well, I'm originally from Rostov, but now I've been living in California for 18 years, in 2 years I'll be the twentieth student of a student who's studying to become a linguist Wow cool, quite an interesting profession, I’m an anthropologist. Why did they choose a linguist? Well, I’m not a linguist, she’s a linguist, I’m a cartoonist. And how animation is now in Russia is very bad. I understand that because of the sanctions, access to software was closed yes yes completely therefore Now they do everything through pirates Well, or you can shoot there something like this and they do it I understand how you evaluate the Russian animation business very much And what then do you want to then go abroad for work to leave And how much is the multiplier Well in Russia the very beginning is from 7t 150 that is, from 700 dollars to 2,500 dollars, well, how many people work to create a cartoon? It depends on what cartoon, if it’s 3D, depending on what company, for example, maybe they watched Spider-Man through the Universe, a cartoon from Sony Animation No, I’m on some kind of person- I went to a spider with my daughter last year or at the beginning of this, if we went to a cartoon to a cartoon, the guy was dark-skinned, in short, he bit him, yes, a cartoon, a cartoon, yes Well, how many 700 people worked on this cartoon? the head is already square in short, I didn’t remember anything from this cartoon, just remember that the spider bit him and everything else, how do you feel about the fact that Russia is now at war with Ukraine, we try not to touch on this topic, but it’s terrible No, well, I’m also trying with the Ukrainians, I’ve installed VPN Ukraine By the way, I probably have a flag there that is shining there Ukraine Ukraine Ukraine Yes, I put it in the PN of Ukraine, I communicated with the Ukrainians, it seems, uh, not Russian Yes, I seemed to communicate from Ukraine So let’s see how they are Well, they Yes, they don’t like us because- for this war, it’s simple, but you can talk to the Russians. We don’t quarrel with each other, well, it’s simple. Why discuss it if Well, we won’t change anything. Well, as I discuss. For example, my father and mother in Voronezh, oh, in Voronezh, in Rostov, they still live then Dad is for Putin for the war And my mother is not my mother against it and I think it needs to be discussed because well, the more we discuss, the more people then become against the war. And if we remain silent, we just don’t even talk to each other, that’s also true. Well, that’s how you are look at the news, for example, what are your feelings from all this? Well, it’s not very funny, there’s a senseless war, essentially they’re trying to reconquer essentially Empty lands, because all that remains after I don’t know why they won the last reha, I saw there, Bakhmut, which isn’t Kharkov, they’re just bombing I saw the bakhmut there Yes, it’s stupid, in short, all the houses were destroyed, it’s just that the ruins are standing there, what can I do? They tried to call my father. By the way, I didn’t tell you, he’s working on gasification; they tried to call him there to do everything again. Well, the money is just nowhere and initially How For me, it all went like Putin expected that he would do everything in three months and I give him plus points for the most interesting thing. I don’t see, for example, any end at all. Well, like, that’s what we as Russia want to achieve. Yes, capture Kyiv, capture London, that’s it, that’s kind of it in the first days we were still thinking like Putin wanted to capture Kyiv, but now it’s clear Kyiv, they’ve all already left Kyiv, what are the goals? I don’t understand, for example, is there any No, this was done for the elections and you have some relatives in Ukraine there Well, there were Well my aunt in Kharkov, yes, after all this they decided that they should communicate with us. This is terrible. I also don’t communicate with me. I tell her that I’m against everything; she just doesn’t communicate. Well, I also have a Zaporozhye family; none of them are stuck. Hello, she developed and developed you can hear me Yes, a family from Zaporozhye gave and hung up And no one wants to communicate with us, and it’s interesting, yes we We don’t bomb, we don’t do anything, and why do I sing like that? I also have friends, everyone who has relatives in Ukraine No one is with them talking Why is this so? I can’t understand, for example. Well, it’s the people’s decision, I think it will be better this way. Well, you’re thinking. Yes, why are your relatives? I thought I didn’t find the answer. We also didn’t find how it was their business, they decided that in this way they can somehow Tribute they give it to the side, I don’t know, I don’t understand this. That is, this seems to me to be a common grief that Well, as if we need to do something about it, try to overthrow the tsar. And what do you think, whose Crimea should remain after all this? If I’m not mistaken in history, it was given as a gift Catherine II Yes, Catherine II was donated to Alaska, it seems like I don’t remember, I don’t remember either, well, in short, how historically things went there and should have remained so, but what happened there in the fourteenth year? Well, for example, well, pictures, I saw what happened before this annexation, what happened after Well, it’s already clear where he should have gone, it’s Ukraine. Because, well, I’m sorry, what did they do there, well, this is the same one now in Sochi, in which maybe they saw garages being built there and this whole resort area like they were plowing Yes I I saw I came to Sochi Gelendzhik when it was 7 years ago I was returning also came to visit my parents there Sochi It was just tin, just tin before I was still little I remember there was more nature And now everything is on the embankment pose Rai everything is pose raile there and people I I saw photographs that there are people there just per square meter, as you know, there is a photo of seals at the rookery, and so are they. And you have some friends who were taken away somewhere during the war, they tried to take my uncle away, in the end he didn’t go, it was in fact at the beginning he simply refused, he said it was easier to pay him 3,000 than to lose his whole life. And my friend’s ex-uncle went to earn money and ended up returning. Well, literally two different people and now he’s fighting in Africa, yes yes yes yes, he’s the one who earns money yes Uh-huh people of course yes And there is someone who has already died no, I just know that last year from school the boy died. That is, he turned 18 years old. He just went and died six months later cool heels Well yes sh Nor yes How is it normal for you in America the salary is small U me I am a teacher of anthropology at the University of Sacramento, my salary is not very large by California standards, 9,000 dollars a month, according to you, 900,000 rubles per month, this is called small, and for California it is small, there are people who receive 12,000 dollars a month, according to you, there is more, I’m just me I work in government work I’m a teacher Yes, whoever works somewhere in a company, lawyers generally get paid a lot Well, how much is the cost of living in California I’ll tell you That’s how we always did when I lived in Russia yes We were always told that it’s more expensive there yes Well look at the cars cheaper phones, cheaper equipment, and the products are actually the same and the products here are of high quality, they didn’t stuff toilet paper into your sausage. That is, with a salary of 99,000 dollars Yes, I don’t know how much more expensive the products should be so that you don’t have enough of them True Well, 500 is possible for that kind of money even if it were expensive here, you could bring airplanes from Russia in containers. Moreover, 900,000 is how much deputies get if deputies in Russia don’t get paid yet in Russia 9 deputies in Russia don’t officially receive 900,000 Well, there, if you only get paid on your paw Well, on your paw more, well, everything will be official there, yes And so how much scholarship do you have now there is no scholarship and no one has entered the budget for everything for a fee due to the fact that the children of the SS Vshnikov took all the budget places and I heard Yes, what do you have, regardless of the scores like yes, that is, there are people there with a score of 2.8. That is, this is a very big draw, they got budget places of 2.8 kki, this is out of five out of five, and people with five points went to the scarf Yes, and 2.8 is the average score certificate is obtained yes Yes it’s like it’s less than a C Yes it’s less than a C but they round it up essentially when it’s a C but still they take them all, that is, How does he even study there? I just heard that at Moscow State University they also took some kind of person there last year with Mega low scores, the participant’s child was kicked out after the first session because he can’t do [ __ ], well, man, I don’t understand how a person who can’t pass a C in school and the average score if he has a damn less than TX How will he even study at the university he just sits empty because they didn’t take anyone and, in order to cover the government’s case, put a tick in the box that we took, they are now taking And then they don’t care, that is, there are people I don’t know, here we had classmates who passed all the exams very well for the Golden Medal they passed they didn’t get into the budget no one, that is, people who really prepared like Andrey Yes, he entered the Moscow State University Yes he entered the Moscow State University and they didn’t give him a budget place, taking into account the fact that he and the Olympiad participant, he participated fully in everything Why did he go to the Olympiad why did he go to Olympiad History English seems to be Almost in all subjects, that is, a very capable boy, he didn’t give a budget anywhere, just a discount and everything is as it is Well, what do the teachers say? Well, for them they got a bunch of people who simply don’t study there at all, well, in fact, everyone is clutching their heads because Well, they just came, well, oaks, oaks, yes, if yes, I'm a Pony, if the average score is less, But it's an oak, it's an oak, and there's nothing to do here. Well, they just came to sit there, they gave a tick that there's a father sitting in the trenches. They think that this is how everything will work out like that. until the end of their lives it will be Well, people essentially not prepared for anything at all live in a place and then just leave. And this is a budget place and remains a budget for anyone, so he won’t even sit for 5 years. He won’t be able to pass the exam. Well, how is that? It’s unrealistic for a person who can’t pass a C in school and a C. Asta’s grade point average is what he does in mathematics or in MTO, he does less in everything, it’s tough that he can study at the university nothing but at a factory if it’s screwed up, what else is interesting Nowadays I teach patriotic lessons in schools. And by the way, I get Eh, Contra on, or are they still kind of small, I don’t know at all, as a non-state institute No, it’s not yet And in a non-state institute, are there these budget places or does the state give out state employees? Yes, places Well in a non-state U I have only three budget places for the whole institute, but they were distributed either to friends or I’ll rent something from yes. And you don’t have something? Well, how familiar? That is, you don’t have what, based on the results, like how can you distribute it, that is, for example, I have one in the group budget, but she actually already sent a group like she birds Well, that is, a strange girl and on what principle she entered the budget, no one knows there is an artistic direction and according to the work there, Well, apparently I don’t know, Ishni’s daughter, so the principle would have been people who and the papers were excellent and some passed with 100 points, but they didn’t get accepted at all. Because people understood that they wouldn’t be able to cope with their studies. Yes, if not on a budget, especially since then you have to draw it. Well, you have to be able to do it; it’s not just that you came up with something and told how Well, what you got, you can’t half-draw a bird Yes, for example, or draw a character there Kolobok Th Draw a circle with a compass and that’s it Well, that is, everything is very strange, incomprehensible, teachers grab their heads, say they don’t know what to do because well, they don’t give anything to work, they’re going to get a plus also, this is how it was, a conversation about an important thing, they are also going to run an institute. And like, lessons in patriotic education like Dadada have now introduced the history of Russia, which no one needs, that is, even the teacher understands this, he says. Well, I understand that it’s nothing. Well, it’s like it was during the Soviet Union there is the history of the CPSU, the history of the party there, in short, scientific communism That's it, and everyone spat on it, no one needed it, but everyone pretended that they were going to these lessons, yes, well, they are trying, I don’t know, tinder, which has already died a long time ago, and well, because there are people in the government who are already over 70 and over 80 and are trying to do something from the past, I watch, I tried to watch Who are there any young people there? Or are all the relatively young people actually from Sovka with roots there, Lavrov is also Grandfather, I thought he had been watching this for a long time news, he still has such a healthy head, yes, yes, they are sitting and living there. Well, Putin will leave, there will be another one like him and how this is all being solved. Nobody knows because, well, everything is already completely arranged, that is, there are already Heirs and who will not leave Russia without an heir I think I think that there is no successor there, as if who will replace him, it’s all fairies, there will be such a squabble between different clans, but who will put who on this throne there So just like Prigogine was Yes, it seems like there’s a gob of his own here In short, he went to Moscow, so that Prigozhin is alive because this story, no, in short, uncle, he’s in the Wagner PMC and he’s right there. And he, that is, got to the point that he is ultimately in Prigozhin’s close circle, and he said that, well, he’s really alive. yes, he was supposed to initially pick them up to meet them when they were leaving for Africa But on that day the plane was shot down I think at least Well, what do I think about him that it’s a fake, like they say that he’s alive I’ve already said so much it’s like Hitler, you know he seems to be too in Argentina lives in Antarctica lives So, well, these are still fairy tales. They’ll still be out there, I don’t know, for several years, so And it turns out that you live in Moscow itself, or are you Well, from Moscow yourself Well, from the Moscow region Well, I mean Tepa where- then that region works out. I just know that Moscow and the Moscow region are different, just like heaven and earth, it’s like two different worlds, in general, Moscow and everything that is the castle’s house Yes, Rostov is also ours, and Muscovites don’t perceive us in Rostov as normal, like here we are it’s something like that, somewhere far away, but who is in Moscow? It’s already there. You don’t have something like that yet, well, that is, I’ll say this to all Muscovites. Well, how long have I been going there every day? Well, I don’t know how people look, well, they I don’t like it Well, that is, like the people themselves. I don’t know how you didn’t become a Muscovite. You are still a Muscovite. Yes, you haven’t become a Muscovite yet. Yes, fully and you understand, that is, you only get to study there and don’t come back for the evening, now I understand because that Moscow is like that, there is no difference between Moscow and Moscow, in short, it’s like a state within a state, a society within a society Yes, and among the Muscovites it’s like that, and so on Well, yes Basically, I study with these people But there’s a real race there, the kids of the rich are right, yes, yes And why did they give their children away? Well, keep in mind that the rich give them to the animator, the rich give their children away, or what? Well, you’re burning for the animation for the costume design, graphic design dadada, from this category they give it to this institute and they there, well, from the very beginning they told you to sit out you can’t Well, let’s see who will be the first to fly out Who came to sit out interesting yes yes that’s how you are in general, what’s your mood now Yes great, everything is great I mean not right now, but after studying only with all these events Yes, what’s happening in the world You see ne Here I’m interested in how young people look, I’m 43 years old. Yes, I’ve already been living in California for 18 years. I’m interested in how Russian youth now see their future in Russia, in 10 years there. Yes, how do you see yourself in 10 years, not in Russia for sure? Well, the future is here there is none As for me, because well, firstly, the salaries are very small, they put absolutely any labor is devalued absolutely, and I don’t even know even now, it’s very noticeable how different Well, how people treat you, the more money you have, the more power you have here, that’s right It feels very special in Moscow because here you stand I don’t know, walk into the same tsun tsun and he’s already looking at you Because you came in just a sweatshirt, I don’t know and jeans and not in a suit and Well, there are no prospects for life because Prices are only rising for food and utilities. You are young, you don’t see your future, yes, that is, there is no clear image of the future. Yes, this state moth is coming out. No, there is a plan. No, there is a plan, yes, but I’m not the Russia of the future. Well, yes, I mean that in Russia because that I, too, Why did I leave, yes, because, well, I didn’t see How to realize myself, my potential, here And I knew people who went and realized themselves abroad as a scientist Yes, and I went too, so yes Okay, then let’s run further Well, nothing good, okay Yes, let's all have a nice conversation Goodbye Katan, we separated them again that Slava [music] Ukraine I'm 18 years old anthropologist in 2 years will be the twentieth they believe the magic of the father and droni like this when the Russians say like And with some Russian from America with an American with by anyone at all Everything is different for some reason yes There is no longer this arrogance Crimea is ours And so on and this is a defensive reaction and everything so like subscribe comment you you are not subscribed Write to my Ista I don’t know what this is for why should you be surprised at the ocey mi face Ale for you tse one two or three clicks Ale you trime me and I will be KTA Wow in me there Kupa fouls and in me there will be a cool mood to be robiti but cool video message on my Instagram pok Andriy like this let me check for you